				Pandas Challenge Observations

Proceeding the completion of the Pandas-Challenge in Jupyter 
Notebook,  there are several noticeable trends within each of the 
display data frames created.

	
The first noticeable trend to take away, is that players of the 
male gender significantly outnumber female, and other/
non-disclosed players.   The data shows Male players exceed the 
count and percentages, even when female and other/non-disclosed 
values are combined, by over 400 percent!

This could be helpful in identifying a target client/customer 
base as well as looking into who, what, and how much they buy, 
which leads into a second noticeable trend.
The greatest quantity of purchases, as well as greatest total 
purchase value by gender groups was made by that of the male 
gender.  This data reflects correlation between gender purchase 
data and player count by gender.

From a different perspective, noticeable trends can be observed 
by categorizing the players and purchase info by age groups, 
providing further information to identify target client/customer 
base.  A third trend that can be noticed is that purchase 
activity is greatest  between the ages of 20 â€“ 24, with the 
greatest number of posted transactions and total purchase value, 
nearly equating to the total purchase value of all other age 
groups combined.

Once enough information is analyzed and pieced together, a target 
consumer can be identified to further analyze more purchase data 
or make better decisions relating to in game purchases.  

